License Agreement of bonboniere3d 3d models

SECTION 1 - BONBONIERE3D
https:// bonboniere3d.com hereafter "the portal" and/or “bonboniere3d” - is a platform for the sale and distribution of 3D models whose is operated
and owned by MISS3 s.r.o, Biskupská 267/8, Brno. 60200, Czech Republic, who grant this license of use under the terms established in this document.

SECTION 2 - DEFINITIONS
a) bonboniere3d – Is the online store offering 3d models as defined in the previous clause. 
b) License – is the right to use the Product that Buyer ordered and paid for, in a way described and granted in the following instrument. 
c) Product – digital file or collection of digital files created by bonboniere3d. 

SECTION 3 - USER
The access and / or use of this portal https://bonboniere3d.com defines the condition of USER, a condition that in turn implies the acceptance 
of the Terms and Conditions and License here reflected. The aforementioned Conditions will be of immediate and obligatory application regardless
of the Particular Contracting Conditions that may arise. 

SECTION 4
All Products created by bonboniere3d are subject to this License and Terms of Use.
Also exceptions from this terms of use and license must be confirmed by bonboniere3d by email or writing when it deems convenient.
This agreement grants the User-Buyer royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use and modify the Products to create images,
VR, AR and animations for commercial and non-commercial purposes. 

SECTION 5 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Bonboniere3d by itself or as an assignee, is the owner of all the intellectual and industrial property rights of its website https://bonboniere3d.com,
as well as the elements contained in it (for example, images, sound, audio, video, software or texts, etc ). The reproduction,
distribution and public communication, including the way it is made available, of all or part of the contents of this web page for commercial purposes,
in any medium and by any technical means, without authorization, are expressly forbidden. 
The USER undertakes to respect the Intellectual and Industrial Property rights owned by bonboniere3d. 
The USER can view the elements of the portal and even print them, copy them and store them on the hard disk of its computer or any other physical support
solely and exclusively for its personal and private use. 

SECTION 6 - EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
Bonboniere3d is not responsible in any case for any damages of any kind that could cause errors or omissions in the contents,
lack of availability of the portal or the transmission of viruses or malicious programs or harmful to the contents,
despite having adopted all the necessary technological measures necessary to avoid it. 




SECTION 7 - MODIFICATIONS
Bonboniere3d reserves the right to make any changes it deems appropriate on its website without prior notice, and may change, delete or add the contents 
and services provided through it, as well as the way in which they appear presented or located. 

SECTION 8 - PROHIBITED USES
The license hereby expressly excludes and forbid the following activities: resale, share, exchange the Product or its parts; rent, lease,
transfer and sub-license the bought Product or its parts; resale of edited versions of the project. The Product can not be used to create any kind
of illegal, obscene, fraudulent, pornographic, abusive, infringing or immoral materials. 

In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using
the product (digital file or collection of digital files) or content from bonboniere3d:

(a) for any unlawful purpose;
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts;
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances;
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others;
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender,
	sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;
(f) to submit false or misleading information;
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality
	or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet;
(h) to collect or track the personal information of others;
(i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape;
(j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or
(k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites,
	or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
(m) all products which are FREE of charge can not be resold, shared, uploaded by 3rd parties on servers or portals.

SECTION 9 - RIGHT OF EXCLUSION
Bonboniere3d reserves the right to deny or withdraw access to https:// bonboniere3d.com portal services offered without notice,
on its own or a third party, to those users who violate the present General Conditions of Use. 

SECTION 10 - LEGAL ACTIONS
Bonboniere3d will pursue the breach of these conditions as well as any improper use of its portal exercising all civil and criminal actions
that may correspond by law. 


SECTION 11 - DURATION
This is a lifetime license, unless bonboniere3d expressly notified otherwise to User. 

SECTION 12 - TERRITORIES
The license conferred here is global in scope, and covers all the territories of America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania.

SECTION 13 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of Czech Republic.

SECTION 14 - CONTACT INFORMATION
​
Questions about the Licence agreement should be sent to us at info@bonboniere3d.com
​
UPDATE
This License Agreement was last updated on: Nov 23th, 2020.